c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\K2Field.PDFViewer\K2Field.PDFViewer\bin\Debug\DeRegisterCustomControl.bat
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\K2Field.PDFViewer\K2Field.PDFViewer\bin\Debug\RegisterCustomControl.bat
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\K2Field.PDFViewer\K2Field.PDFViewer\bin\Debug\K2Field.PDFViewer.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\K2Field.PDFViewer\K2Field.PDFViewer\bin\Debug\K2Field.PDFViewer.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\K2Field.PDFViewer\K2Field.PDFViewer\bin\Debug\SourceCode.HostClientAPI.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\K2Field.PDFViewer\K2Field.PDFViewer\bin\Debug\SourceCode.Workflow.Client.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\K2Field.PDFViewer\K2Field.PDFViewer\bin\Debug\SourceCode.Security.Web.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\K2Field.PDFViewer\K2Field.PDFViewer\obj\Debug\K2Field.PDFViewer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\K2Field.PDFViewer\K2Field.PDFViewer\obj\Debug\K2Field.PDFViewer.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\K2Field.PDFViewer\K2Field.PDFViewer\obj\Debug\K2Field.PDFViewer.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\K2Field.PDFViewer (2)\K2Field.PDFViewer\K2Field.PDFViewer\bin\Debug\DeRegisterCustomControl.bat
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\K2Field.PDFViewer (2)\K2Field.PDFViewer\K2Field.PDFViewer\bin\Debug\RegisterCustomControl.bat
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\K2Field.PDFViewer (2)\K2Field.PDFViewer\K2Field.PDFViewer\bin\Debug\K2Field.PDFViewer.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\K2Field.PDFViewer (2)\K2Field.PDFViewer\K2Field.PDFViewer\bin\Debug\K2Field.PDFViewer.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\K2Field.PDFViewer (2)\K2Field.PDFViewer\K2Field.PDFViewer\bin\Debug\SourceCode.HostClientAPI.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\K2Field.PDFViewer (2)\K2Field.PDFViewer\K2Field.PDFViewer\obj\Debug\K2Field.PDFViewer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\K2Field.PDFViewer (2)\K2Field.PDFViewer\K2Field.PDFViewer\obj\Debug\K2Field.PDFViewer.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\K2Field.PDFViewer (2)\K2Field.PDFViewer\K2Field.PDFViewer\obj\Debug\K2Field.PDFViewer.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\K2Field.PDFViewer (2)\K2Field.PDFViewer\K2Field.PDFViewer\bin\Debug\SourceCode.Workflow.Client.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\K2Field.PDFViewer (2)\K2Field.PDFViewer\K2Field.PDFViewer\bin\Debug\SourceCode.Security.Web.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\K2.PDFViewer\K2Field.PDFViewer\bin\Debug\DeRegisterCustomControl.bat
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\K2.PDFViewer\K2Field.PDFViewer\bin\Debug\RegisterCustomControl.bat
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\K2.PDFViewer\K2Field.PDFViewer\bin\Debug\K2Field.PDFViewer.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\K2.PDFViewer\K2Field.PDFViewer\bin\Debug\K2Field.PDFViewer.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\K2.PDFViewer\K2Field.PDFViewer\bin\Debug\SourceCode.HostClientAPI.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\K2.PDFViewer\K2Field.PDFViewer\bin\Debug\SourceCode.Workflow.Client.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\K2.PDFViewer\K2Field.PDFViewer\bin\Debug\SourceCode.Security.Web.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\K2.PDFViewer\K2Field.PDFViewer\obj\Debug\K2Field.PDFViewer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\K2.PDFViewer\K2Field.PDFViewer\obj\Debug\K2Field.PDFViewer.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\K2.PDFViewer\K2Field.PDFViewer\obj\Debug\K2Field.PDFViewer.pdb
